# CS305
CS305 Artemis Financial Vulnerability Assessment
Artemis Financial is an investment company that creates individualized investment plans for their clients. They handle personal, financial, and investment information pertaining to their clients and wanted a more modernized and secure application to ensure data integrity. When vulnerabilities were found a static and manual test was conducted to assess weaknesses in input validation, cryptography, dependecy versions, and secure communication. Software security ensures that the company maintains client trust as well as makes sure that it follows industry best practices and government regulations. The most challenging was the manual review as it was harder to know what it was I was looking for within the code. Dependency checks made it so that I could assess vulnerabilities and decide how to mitigate issues such as injections by adding additional security like hashing. In order to make sure the code and software were functional and secure I ran multiple dependency checks before and after the code refactoring, as well as checking within the web browser to make sure the HTTPS was being utilized and the certificate was used. Oracle web pages, as well as the Iron Clad textbook were very helpful in the assignment. I would definitely utilize the oracle pages on dependency checks and algorithm ciphers in the future. Employers can see from this assignment that I am capable of running vulnerability checks and finding ways to mitigate security risks in future applications. 
